feat: introduce PreBlock (#186)
crypto-org-chain/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/building-modules/01-module-manager.md

* `InitGenesis(ctx sdk.Context, cdc codec.JSONCodec, genesisData map[string]json.RawMessage)`: Calls the [`InitGenesis`](./08-genesis.md#initgenesis) function of each module when the application is first started, in the order defined in `OrderInitGenesis`. Returns an `abci.ResponseInitChain` to the underlying consensus engine, which can contain validator updates.
* `ExportGenesis(ctx sdk.Context, cdc codec.JSONCodec)`: Calls the [`ExportGenesis`](./08-genesis.md#exportgenesis) function of each module, in the order defined in `OrderExportGenesis`. The export constructs a genesis file from a previously existing state, and is mainly used when a hard-fork upgrade of the chain is required.
* `ExportGenesisForModules(ctx sdk.Context, cdc codec.JSONCodec, modulesToExport []string)`: Behaves the same as `ExportGenesis`, except takes a list of modules to export.

> * `PreBeginBlock(ctx sdk.Context, req abci.RequestBeginBlock)`: At the beginning of each block, this function is called from [`BaseApp`](../core/00-baseapp.md#beginblock) and, in turn, calls the `PreBeginBlock` function. The function returns a `sdk.ResponsePreBeginBlock` indicating whether the ConsensusParamsChanged was changed or not and an error if fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PreBeginBlock(ctx sdk.Context, req abci.RequestBeginBlock)`: At the beginning of each block, this function is called from [`BaseApp`](../core/00-baseapp.md#beginblock) and, in turn, calls the `PreBeginBlock` function of each modules implementing the `PreBeginBlockAppModule` interface. The function returns a `sdk.ResponsePreBeginBlock{ConsensusParamsChanged: bool}` which indicates whether the consensus parameters are changed or not, if `ConsensusParamsChanged` is true, the caller will refresh the context's consensus parameters, and make the changes visible to followed code. The main use case is for upgrade module to do the state migration before all other code logics.
```
